.TH RECESS 1 2012\-12\-30 1.1.0 "Twitter RECESS"

.SH NAME
\fBrecess\fR \- simple, attractive code quality tool for CSS built on top of LESS.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBrecess\fR [\fIPATH\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Developed at Twitter to support our internal styleguide, RECESS is a simple, attractive code quality tool for CSS built on top of LESS.
.PP
Incorporate it into your development process as a linter, or integrate it directly into your build system as a compiler, RECESS will keep your source looking clean and super manageable.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\-\-compile" 4
compiles your code and outputs it to the terminal. Fixes white space and sort order. Can compile css or less.
.IP "\-\-compress" 4
compress your compiled code.
.IP "\-\-config" 4
accepts a path, which specifies a json config object.
.IP "\-\-stripColors" 4
removes color from output (useful when logging).
.IP "\-\-watch" 4
watch filesystem for changes, useful when compiling Less projects.
.IP "\-\-noIDs" 4
doesn't complain about using IDs in your stylesheets.
.IP "\-\-noJSPrefix" 4
doesn't complain about styling `.js-` prefixed classnames.
.IP "\-\-noOverqualifying" 4
doesn't complain about overqualified selectors (ie: `div#foo.bar`).
.IP "\-\-noUnderscores" 4
doesn't complain about using underscores in your class names.
.IP "\-\-noUniversalSelectors" 4
doesn't complain about using the universal `*` selector.
.IP "\-\-strictPropertyOrder" 4
doesn't looking into your property ordering.
.IP "\-\-zeroUnits" 4
doesn't complain if you add units to values of 0.

.SH EXAMPLES
.IP "Lint all css files:" 0
$ recess *.css
.IP "Lint file, ignore styling of IDs:" 0
$ recess ./bootstrap.css --noIds false
.IP "Compile and compress .less file, then output it to a new file:" 0
$ recess ./bootstrap.less --compress > ./bootstrap-production.css
.IP "Watch a directory for changes and auto compile a css file from the changes. *experimental*:" 0
$ recess input.less:ouput.css --compile --watch watch/this/dir/for/changes

.SH SEE ALSO
\fInode-less\fR(1)

.SH AUTHOR
RECESS was written by Jacob Thornton <\fIjacob@twitter.com\fR>.
